Q1.  What is constructor overloading in java?
=     Constructor overloading is a technique in which a class can have more than one constructor having the same name but different parameter lists.
      A parameter list consists of order and types of arguments.
       
Q2.  How does Java compiler differentiate among multiple constructors in a class?
=     Java compiler differentiates multiple constructors based on the number of parameter lists and their types.
      Therefore, the signature of each constructor must be different.
       
Q3.  What is the use of overloading constructor in java?
=     Overloading constructors can be used for performing different tasks based on different data.

Q4.  Can we have more than one constructor with same signature in a class?
=     No, we cannot have more than one constructor with same signature in a class.

Q5.  What is constructor chaining in java?
=     Constructor chaining in Java is a technique of calling one constructor from within another constructor by using this and super keywords.

Q6.  Why do we use/need constructor chaining?
=     Constructor chaining can be used when we want to perform multiple tasks in a separate constructor for each task and make their order by chaining.
       It is useful to make the program more readable and easy to understand for everyone.
        
Q7.  How to call one constructor from another constructor in Java?
=    Using this(), we can call the current class constructor within the “same class”.
     Using super(), we can call the superclass constructor from the “base class”.
         
Q8.  What is a copy constructor?
=    A constructor which is used to copy the data of one object to another object of the same class type is called copy constructor in Java.

Q9.  Can we create an object of class within the same class if a constructor is marked with private?
=    Yes, we can create an object of class within the same class if constructor is marked with private but not outside the class.

Q10. Can class be extended when a constructor is declared private?
=    No.

Q11. What is the difference between constructor and method?
=    Refer to this tutorial: Constructor in Java 
