Q1. What is method overriding?
= Modifying a super class method in the sub class is called method overriding. Using method overriding, we can change super class method according
   to the requirements of sub class.
   
Q2.Can we override static methods?
=No, Static methods can not be overridden. If we try to override them they will be hidden in the sub class.

Q3.What happens if we change the arguments of overriding method?
=If we change the arguments of overriding method, then that method will be treated as overloaded not overridden.

Q4.Can we override protected method of super class as public method in the sub class?
=Yes. You can increase the visibility of overriding methods but can’t reduce it.

Q5.Can we change the return type of overriding method from Number type to Integer type?
=Yes. You can change as Integer is a sub class of Number type.

Q6.Can we override a super class method without throws clause as a method with throws clause in the sub class?
=Yes, but only with unchecked type of exceptions.

Q7.Can we change an exception of a method with throws clause from SQLException to NumberFormatException while overriding it?
=Yes. Overridden method may throw SQLException or it’s sub class exception or any unchecked type of exceptions.

Q8.Can we change an exception of a method with throws clause from unchecked to checked while overriding it?
=No. We can’t change an exception of a method with throws clause from unchecked to checked.

Q9. How do you refer super class version of overridden method in the sub class?
=Using super keyword, we can refer super class version of overridden method in the sub class.

Q10.Can we override private methods?
=No question of overriding private methods. They are not at all inherited to sub class.

Q11.Can we remove throws clause of a method while overriding it?
=Yes. You can remove throws clause of a method while overriding it.

Q12.Can we change an exception of a method with throws clause from checked to unchecked while overriding it?
=Yes. We can change an exception from checked to unchecked but reverse is not possible.
