Q1.What do you understand about a “thread” in Java programming?
= A “thread is the smallest unit of processing and is a lightweight subprocess executed independently.
   Each thread in the program runs on a different stack frame, and multiple threads form the complete program.
   
Q2. What are some fundamental advantages of multithreading in Java?
= The key benefits of Java multithreading include: Multiple threads can share single address spaces,Threads share the same resources from the library but can execute differently
  Different threads can be made to perform various functions to yield a given result.
  
Q3.What is the fundamental difference between a process and a thread?
= A process is part of the main program, while threads are subsets of processes. Processes have different address spaces in the memory, 
  while threads share the same address space.
  
Q4. What is inter-thread communication?
= Communication between synchronized threads is referred to as inter-thread communication. It is a core feature that helps to avoid thread-polling in Java. 
  A particular thread can be paused through inter-thread communication to allow another thread to enter the block.
  
Q5.What are some functions used to perform inter-thread communication in Java?
= This is one of the most common Java Multithreading interview questions asked in tech interviews.
  Some common functions used to perform inter-thread communication in Java are - notify(), wait() and notifyAll().
  
Q6.What do you understand about the wait() function in Java?
= The wait() function, specified by the object class, is used to pause the current thread and wait until another thread calls the notify() function. 
   Note that the wait() method needs to be called from a synchronized block to avoid an exception from occurring.
   
Q7. What are the different states in a thread lifecycle?
= This is another Java Multithreading interview question asked at software engineering interviews. The different states in a thread life cycle include:
  New,Runnable,Running,Waiting,Dead.
  
Q8.What do you understand by context switching?
= Context switching is a feature through which the current state of a thread is saved for it to be restored and executed later. 
  Through context switching, multiple processes can share the same CPU.
  
Q9. What is the function of the join() method?
= The join() method causes the current thread to stop running until the thread due to congregate with completes its task. 
   It is a commonly used function that facilitates the execution of multiple threads in an organized manner.
   
Q10.What is the function of the sleep() method?
= This is yet another popular Java Multithreading Interview Question. The sleep() method is used to pause a particular thread 
   from executing and prioritizes another thread that needs to be executed before the current thread executes.
   
Q11.How do you detect deadlock situations in Java?
= Deadlock situations can be detected by running the executable code on cmd and subsequently collecting the thread dump.
   If deadlock situations are present, the cmd will throw up a message. 
  
