Q1.Which package is always imported by default?
= No. It is by default loaded internally by the JVM. The java.lang package is always imported by default.

Q2.Can I import same package/class twice? Will the JVM load the package twice at runtime?
= One can import the same package or same class multiple times. Neither compiler nor JVM complains anything about it. And the 
   JVM will internally load the class only once no matter how many times you import the same class.
   
Q3.Does importing a package imports the sub packages as well? E.g. Does importing com.bob.* also import com.bob.code.*?
= No you will have to import the sub packages explicitly. Importing com.bob.* will import classes in the package bob only. 
   It will not import any class in any of its sub package’s.
   
Q4.What is a Java package and how is it used?
= A Java package is a naming context for classes and interfaces. A package is used to create a separate name space for groups of classes and interfaces. Packages are also used to organize related classes and interfaces into a single API unit and to control accessibility to these classes and interfaces.
  For example: The Java API is grouped into libraries of related classes and interfaces; these libraries are known as package.
  
Q5.Are the imports checked for validity at compile time? e.g. will the code containing an import such as java.lang.BOB compile?
= Yes the imports are checked for the semantic validity at compile time. The code containing above line of import will not compile. 
  It will throw an error saying, cannot resolve symbol.
  
Q6.Can a class declare as private be accessed outside its package?
= No. once declared as private, it is not possible to access the class outside its package.

Q7.What is the naming convention to be followed for declaring a user-defined package in Java application development?
= The Reverse Domain naming convention is to be followed for declaring a user-defined package in Java Application development. For this the syntax is:
  com.companyname.projectname.module.submodule;
  
Q8.Can a source file contain more than one class declaration?
= Yes. A single source file can contain any number of class declarations, but only one of the classes can be declared as public.

Q9.What restrictions are placed on the location of a package statement within a source code file?
= A package statement must appear as the first line in a source code file (excluding blank lines and comments).

Q10.What is a reflection package?
= The java.lang reflect package has the ability to analyze itself in runtime.
