Q1. What is the difference between Swing and AWT components?
=   AWT components are heavy-weight, whereas Swing components are lightweight. Hence Swing works faster than AWT. Heavy weight components depend on the local windowing toolkit. For example, java.awt.Button is a heavy weight component. Pluggable look and feel possible using java Swing. Also, we can switch from one look and feel to another at 
     runtime in swing which is not possible in AWT.
  
Q2. Name the containers which use Border Layout as their default layout?
=   window, Frame and Dialog classes.

Q3. How can a GUI component handle its own events?
=   A component can handle its own events by implementing the required event-listener interface and adding itself as its own event listener.

Q4. What is the difference between the paint() and repaint() methods?
=   The paint() method supports painting via a Graphics object. The repaint() method is used to cause paint() to be invoked by the AWT painting thread.

Q5. Which package has light weight components?
=   javax.Swing package contains light weight components. All components in Swing, except JApplet, JDialog, JFrame and JWindow are lightweight components.

Q6. What are peerless components?
=   The peerless components are called light weight components.

Q7. What method is used to specify a container’s layout?
=   The setLayout() method is used to specify a container’s layout. For example, setLayout(new FlowLayout()); will be set the layout as FlowLayout.

Q8. What is the purpose of the enableEvents() method?
=   The enableEvents() method is used to enable an event for a particular component. Normally, an event is enabled when a listener is added to an object for a particular event. The enableEvents() method is 
     used by objects that handle events by overriding their event-dispatch methods.
   
Q9. What do heavy weight components mean?
=   Heavy weight components like Abstract Window Toolkit (AWT) depend on the local windowing toolkit. For example, java.awt .Button is a heavy weight component.

Q10.What is the preferred size of a component?
=  The preferred size of a component is the minimum component size that will allow the component to display normally.

Q11.Which containers use a FlowLayout as their default layout?
=  The Panel and Applet classes use the FlowLayout as their default layout
